---
title: "Journals"
author: ["Eivind Hjertnes"]
draft: false
---

The idea is that this will be kind of like a limited in scope or time blog without a RSS feed where I write notes about things as things progress.


## Wiki {#wiki}

This is a journal of the various ideas I get about how to deal with this wiki and what the result was.


### Some time in 2019 {#some-time-in-2019}

Started a wiki that was generated from a org file through ox-hugo and then generated by gatsby


### Later in 2019 {#later-in-2019}

I moved it over to being a Hugo sites


### In Early 2020 {#in-early-2020}

[Eli](https://wiki.eli.li) started to generate his wiki from a org file through pandoc to a single HTML file. And I love that so much that I copied the idea


### 2020-03-05 {#2020-03-05}

I gave TiddlyWiki a serious look. But it honestly isn't for me. Not bad, just not for me. I prefer the outline like way this wiki is.


### 2020-03-06 {#2020-03-06}

Not sure what I'm going to do when this thing does not scale anymore. One option might be to use something that turns org into json and build something from that.


### 2020-08-09 {#2020-08-09}

Changed back to ox-hugo


## Workout Routine {#workout-routine}


### From Mid March until current {#from-mid-march-until-current}

-   Only hour and a half of dog walking each day. Because CONVID-19
-   I'll get back to the former routine once gyms open again.


### From Early 2020 until Mid March {#from-early-2020-until-mid-march}

-   Walk the dogs for 1 hour each day
-   20 minute walk with steep incline at treatmill targeting fatburn heartrate twice a week
-   Yoga twice a week; usually 10 minutes, the goal is 20minutes. Twice a week


## Emacs configuration changes {#emacs-configuration-changes}


### 2020-04-09 {#2020-04-09}

-   Re-added projectile and removed the go-to-code function I created to "replace" it.
-   Re-added restart-emacs
-   Fixed some syntax errors after yesterday
-   Disabled package verification again


### 2020-04-08 {#2020-04-08}

I started to do a full review of a lot of stuff yesterday, including a full rewrite of my fish config. I removed over 400 lines of stuff I didn't consider "essential" or no longer needed. A summary under.

-   Re-enabled package verification
-   Removed font ligatures
-   Removed a lot of commented out code
-   Fixed a bunch of "mistakes" in the org document
-   Removed quelpa
-   Removed support for windows
-   Removed post to Micro.blog
-   Updated font section
-   Removed all my theme stuff and changed to afternoon theme
-   Removed nyan cat
-   Removed projectile
-   Removed docker and k8 stuff
-   Removed restclient
-   Removed C# support
-   Removed everything I don't use from my org config
-   Removed wiki-nav
-   Removed package-lint
-   Added Svelte mode
-   Removed elfeed
-   Removed eshell-z
-   Removed Deft and org-roam
-   Removed mastodon (because its broken)
-   Removed Restart-emacs
-   Added function for going to my "code root directory"
-   Removed git gutter
-   Removed counsel tramp
-   Removed functions and interactive functions no longer in use
-   Removed sp keybindings I don't use
-   Removed re-build and tramp ssh settings I don't need


### 2020-07-24 {#2020-07-24}

-   Fixed Golang support. Not sure how long it have been broken
-   Changed to using a version of Dracula Pro.
-   Support for Caddyfiles
-   Emoji support


## iOS Homescreen layout {#ios-homescreen-layout}


### 2020-04-22 {#2020-04-22}

Moved all the except the first one, into folders, all kept on page two. While the first continues to serve as a place for all the stuff I use a lot.


### Early April {#early-april}

Changed from a couple of folders on one screen to many different pages and no folders
